I think this kaufen here would be a good candidate for the sculped tools.
So let's go ahead and select that and I'm going to isolate it with the division key and let's work on
this.
I'll add the multi resolution modifier here.
And as I increase the subdivisions I'll click on subdivide.
Here you can see that it kind of collapses.
And that's really not going to work for us.
What we need is a way to increase the subdivisions without it collapsing into a blob.
So what we can do is change from the Catmull Clark subdivision to simple.
And if we click on that now we have increased resolution on the objects without them turning into little
blobs.
So if I hit the Z key to take a look at it in wireframe you can see that it's got a higher resolution
than say if we hit the tab key and look at it in edit mode.
So we're still getting increased resolution just without the smoothing.
Let me go ahead and increase it a couple more times maybe.
Let's go up to 4 here and now switch from object mode to sculpt mode and one of the things I'd like
to do is just to beat it up a little bit.
I'd like these corners and the edges to be not quite as uniform like it's aged and decayed over time.
So I'm just going to grab the grab tool and with shift f maybe bring the strength down a bit like that
and if I come in here I can just begin pulling around and beating up these corners just a bit.
I don't want a whole lot just a little bit enough to make it feel like it's old and decayed so I'll
hit the F key and increase the brush size a bit and just come in here and begin moving these around
just a little bit.
OK I think that's helped some.
In addition let's go back to the sculped draw tool and I'd like to also beat up the corners a bit with
this as well so I'm going to press F and reduce the size of my brush.
And I'm just zoom in and if I test a stroke here you can see that that's what I get.
I think I'll increase the subdivisions one more time here and see what I get.
Yeah that's a little smoother.
So with the sculped DRob rush I'll just begin kind of both drawing and cutting in so I'll do a stroke.
I'll hold the control key down and I'll also cut into this a bit.
And in addition I think maybe I'll try and add a texture brush to this as well.
So over here in this sculped panel scroll down and add another texture here click new and over here
in the texture panel I can see my texture here and I'll choose maybe a noise and under stroke over here
in the sculped panel and go over here to stroke and I'll try anchored.
I'm going to choose this and what that should do is when I click and drag it will increase or decrease
the size of my of my brush and I can throw down that texture then onto the object.
Now that's a little too much.
I'm going to come back up here to the strength.
Yeah I'm going to press shift F and reduce the strength quite a bit there.
Now I'm going to click and drag and add some texture like this with the anchored brush here.
All right well let's go take a look at the stairs now and let's do kind of the same thing.
So I'm going to go ahead and remove this texture for now and I'll hit the division key on the numpad
to come back to our scene and I'll select the stairs over here isolate them and let's go through and
do the same thing here.
I'm going to add a multi resolution modifier and I'll subdivided up two four or five.
And as we did before let's choose simple instead of Catmull Clark I'll go to the sculped tool and I'll
choose the grab tool here.
I'll reduce the size of my brush a bit.
And let's come in here and try and beat this up a bit like we did before.
So I'll just grab these and try and give it some give it some wear and tear
and then let's go and use the sculpt tool to add some more detail to it.
I think increase the subdivisions one more time and I should go down and change back from anchored to
something like dots and I'll just come through and begin beating this up as well.
Pressing the control key to cut in as well as just laying down sculp strokes.
There we go so it's pretty beat up.
Now we could also maybe go over to object mode here and click on smooth shading and that couldn't help
smooth that out and blend it together some.
All right well I'll hit the division key to go back to our scene and in the next video we'll take a
look at doing a little sculpting on the ceiling.